1. pwd Command
The pwd command is used to display the location of the current working directory.

2. mkdir Command
The mkdir command is used to create a new directory under any directory.

3. cd ../ Command
The cd ../ command is used to back space to directory 

4. ls Command
The ls command is used to display a list of content of a directory.

5. cd Command
The cd command is used to change the current directory.

6. touch Command
The touch command is used to create empty files. We can create multiple empty files by executing it once.

7. cat Command
The cat command is a multi-purpose utility in the Linux system. It can be used to create a file, 
display content of the file, copy the content of one file to another file, and more.

8. cd filename/filename Command
Thecd filename/filename  command is used to go front  to directory 

9. cp Command
The cp command is used to copy a file or directory.

10. mv Command
The mv command is used to move a file or a directory form one location to another location.

11. rename Command
The rename command is used to rename files. It is useful for renaming a large group of files.

12. head Command
The head command is used to display the content of a file. It displays the first 10 lines of a file

13. tail Command
The tail command is similar to the head command. The difference between both commands is that it 
displays the last ten lines of the file content. It is useful for reading the error message

14. useradd Command
The useradd command is used to add or remove a user on a Linux server.

15. passwd Command
The passwd command is used to create and change the password for a user

16. grep Command
The grep is the most powerful and used filter in a Linux system. The 'grep' stands for "global regular expression print." It is useful for searching 
the content
 from a file. Generally, it is used with the pipe.


17. sed command (sed -i 's/what we need to add/replace/g' filename) for permant change
 (sed 's/what we need to add/replace/g' filename) fortemporary change

The sed command is also known as stream editor. It is used to edit files using a regular expression. It does not permanently edit files; instead, 
the edited content remains 
only on display. It does not affect the actual file.

18 tree command
The tee command is quite similar to the cat command. The only difference between both filters is that it puts standard input on standard 
output and also write them into a file.

19 ln -s filename anotherfilename   command
The ln -s command is create soft link of the file name 

20 sleep Command
The sleep command is used to hold the terminal by the specified amount of time. By default, 
it takes time in seconds.

21 time Command
The time command is used to display the time to execute a command.


22 exit Command
Linux exit command is used to exit from the current shell. It takes a parameter as a number and exits 
the shell with a return of status number.

23 clear Command
Linux clear command is used to clear the terminal screen.

24 ip Command
Linux ip command is an updated version of the ipconfig command. It is used to assign an IP address, 
initialize an interface, disable an interface.

25 ssh Command
Linux ssh command is used to create a remote connection through the ssh protocol.

26 mail Command
The mail command is used to send emails from the command line.

26 :wq Command
The :wq is used for save and quit

26 :q Command
The :wq is used for  quit

















